OSDOCS:17043_5#GCP compute machines_CQA (#103103)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/machineset-creating.adoc

[id="machineset-creating_{context}"]
= Creating a compute machine set

[role="_abstract"]

> In addition to the compute machine sets created by the installation program, you can create your own to dynamically manage the machine compute resources for specific workloads of your choice. Use the OpenShift CLI to automate node provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the compute machine sets created by the installation program, you can create your own compute machine sets to dynamically manage the machine compute resources for specific workloads of your choice. Use the {product-title} CLI to automate node provisioning.
```
